Name: Ethan Yee
Date: 9-26-19
Project: EO3b- Text Adventure
Peer's repository: https://github.com/ddredmon/03-Text-adventure



What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?

	I thought it was really clever that when they had a long print function, they utilized /r/n to return a line down so the format of the text was easier to read. I wasn't aware you could do that, but now I'll definitely be using this technique in my projects
 

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?

	Aside from the line formatting, I really appreciated that after each room description he gave me my options of where I can go next with a description of that location as well. 

 

What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
	I actually really enjoyed the world that Dylan created here, and it seems to me that his coding capabilites that he displayed here is slightly beyond what I was capable of when we created these. But if I were to make any suggestions, perhaps creating an ending where the character survives and allows you to win the game.  

What could have been clearer or better commented?
	While this isn't necessary, perhaps a description as to why your character is in this particular situation at the beginning of the game. But the game is totally functional and clear even without that. 
 

Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?

	Nothing was inherently confusing to me. Dylan's code was pretty straightforward and gave you a clear list of choices of where your character can go. 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?

 Yes

What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
	He could probably talk more about what he changed in the code to make it a functional game, or perhaps what he learned from his experience of making this game. 
 

Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.

	Hey Dylan, I really appreciate the depth of narrative you put into this game. It seems like quite a bit of thought went into it and it was a very enjoyable experience. 
